---
categories:
 - grading
 - policy
---

# Class rules

* Attendance is required
* Read all assignments before class
* Bring your laptop and the book to every class


# Grading Rubric

## For all assignments

In assessing students' work, the instructor will focus on the following factors applicable to all assignments (specific criteria for each assignment will be detailed later):

- Process: Were the drafts iterated and improved based on faculty feedback?
- Quality and Shine: Is it executed with skill and subtlety, and has it been edited well and - polished?
- Organization and Presentation: Is it presented clearly and in a professional manner suitable - for an audience?
- Effort and Application: Has the work been prepared with careful thought and attention to - detail, and does it take appropriate advantage of the relevant tools?
- Punctuality and Completeness: Is it on time and complete, and does it fulfill the assignment?

## For Discussions

- Preparedness: Has the student completed the work necessary in preparation for the discussion (viewing assigned video, completing assigned reading or tutorial)?
- Participation: Was the student engaged in the discussion (both paying attention and participating)?

## For In-class Exercises

- Effort: Did the student try to complete the exercise to better understand the lesson at hand?
- Participation: If the exercise involves collaboration, did the student contribute?

## For the final project

- In addition to the above grading considerations, each student will grade one peer's project, assigned randomly. The goal here is to learn from peer's work while assessing its quality. Grading by students will be averaged with instructor's grading.

# Assignment Values

## Grading model

{% include grading.md %}

## Assignments Grade Overall

Your grade is based on your performance during the semester. It includes readings, participation and in class exercises (that means you must attend all classes) and assignments, broken down as follows.

{% include assignment-weight.md %}
